I dream of Listerine
Published on September 13, 2005.
I had this weird dream where I was rinsing my mouth with Listerine, or Scope, or some mouthwash.
Problem was, I was in this sort of wilderness where there wasn’t any sink, and I didn’t want to just spit the Listerine onto the ground.
There were people around, and I think they would not have approved of that.
So I’m walking around looking for a sink, and my mouth is burning because of the Listerine.
Then I come up to a river, and it’s really clean and crystal clear.
I don’t want to spit it out there, because I think it would be rude to mess up the really nice water with my Listerine spit.
I follow the river and come up to a branch where there aren’t any people.
I just decide to spit the Listerine out there because no one is watching.
It feels good having the Listerine out of my mouth, but now I feel bad for hurting the environment.
What does it mean!!!